Add a style guide for informational blocks in the class reference (#3949)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/contributing/updating_the_class_reference.rst

        var sprite = get_node("Sprite")
        print(sprite.get_pos())

> To denote important information, add a note "block" at the end of the
> description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To denote important information, add a paragraph starting with "[b]Note:[/b]" 
at the end of the description:
```

.. code-block:: none

    [b]Note:[/b] Only available when using the Vulkan renderer.

To denote crucial information that could cause security issues or loss of data

> if not followed carefully, add a warning block at the end of the description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if not followed carefully, add a paragraph starting with "[b]Warning:[/b] at the end 
of the description:
```

.. code-block:: none

    [b]Warning:[/b] If this property is set to [code]true[/code], it allows clients to execute arbitrary code on the server.

> For deprecated properties, use a deprecation block (with italics instead of bold):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For deprecated properties, add a paragraph starting with "[i]Deprecated.[/i]".
Notice the use of italics instead of bold:
```

.. code-block:: none

    [i]Deprecated.[/i] This property has been replaced by [member other_property].

> In all the blocks above, make sure the punctuation is part of the bold/italic
> tag for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all the paragraphs described above, make sure the punctuation is part of the BBCode 
tags for consistency.
```
